README.md, before:

# BR Extended Train Set
A UK Train Set addon (newGRF) for OpenTTD, featuring UK rail (train and tram) rolling stock from the entire history of the British Railway Network.

This is an 4x zoom, 32bpp, extra-long train set, designed with a focus on real-world consists and liveries first, and aim to be able to recreate the UK rail network in game. 

### Main Goals
- Extra length, 4x zoom, 32bpp train set with comprehensive unit selection across the ages (1850-modern day) (early versions may not support the entire age)
- Speed options (operation VS potential/achieved speeds)
- Unit bonuses (Passengers in express vehicles pay more)
- Coupling restrictions options (Brake vans, MU working)

#### Potentially...
- 2CC Unit variants
- Customizable multiple unit consists

### Credits (In no particular order)

### Developers
- Su1phur

### With special thanks to:
- Timberwolf, for creating and providing the Voxel-to-Sprite Toolchain.
- GarlicBread42 and the GETS Team, for their assistance, knowledge and models.
- Audigex and the BRTrainsV2 Team, for without their inspiration and support this set would not have started.

### License
This project is licensed under the GPLv2 license
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for license details

Commit message:

Removed unused build scripts and updated README.

README.md, after:

# BR Extended Train Set
A UK Train Set addon (newGRF) for OpenTTD, featuring UK rail (train and tram) rolling stock from the entire history of the British Railway Network.

This is an 4x zoom, 32bpp, extra-long train set, designed with a focus on real-world consists and liveries first, and aim to be able to recreate the UK rail network in game. 

### Main Goals
- Extra length, 4x zoom, 32bpp train set with comprehensive unit selection across the ages (1850-modern day) (early versions may not support the entire age)
- Speed options (operation VS potential/achieved speeds)
- Unit bonuses (Passengers in express vehicles pay more)
- Coupling restrictions options (Brake vans, MU working)

#### Potentially...
- 2CC Unit variants
- Customizable multiple unit consists

### Credits (In no particular order)

### Developers
- Su1phur

### With special thanks to:
- Timberwolf, for creating and providing the Voxel-to-Sprite Toolchain.
- GarlicBread42 and the GETS Team, for their assistance, knowledge and models.
- Audigex and the BRTrainsV2 Team, for without their inspiration and support this set would not have started.

### To Build
Building from the source should be mostly automated using the `build.py` script, but it has a few requirements:
  - Python 3.8+
  - `nml` Python package (available through `pip`)
  
To build the grf completely, just run the following command in your terminal:
```bash
python build.py --compile brtrainsv2XL
```
This should first compile the `.nml` file, then compile that through to a `.grf` file using `nml`.  Install in the same manner
as previously described, copying the generated `.grf` file into `OpenTTD/newGRF`.

Note, this method still requires the `nml` python package to be installed.

To build the grf, and initiate the game with the compiled `.grf`, run:
```bash
python build.py --compile brtrainsv2XL --run 
```
This moves the compiled `.grf` to your `Documents/OpenTTD/newgrf`, then looks for and executes `C:/Program Files/OpenTTD/openttd.exe"`.

You may be prompted to provide a path to any `openttd.exe`, if one is not located. After being provided, the configured path will be stored in `build/build.json`. Subsequent executions will be pathed to said stored `openttd.exe`.

### License
This project is licensed under the GPLv2 license
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for license details
